Docs: Replaces mkdocs-material with sphinx (#46)
canonical/charmed-magma: docs/tutorial/index.md

# Tutorial

In this tutorial, we will use Juju to deploy and run Magma's 4G core network on AWS. We will also
deploy a radio and cellphone simulator from the [srsRAN](https://www.srslte.com/) project to
simulate usage of this network.

Charmed Magma is a complex piece of software.

This tutorial will introduce you to key concepts, tools, processes and

> operations, starting from your first installation to a cloud deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operations, guiding you through your first cloud deployment.
```

Along the way it will give examples of good practice, and pointers to much
more detailed information.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I think this is useless

You can expect to spend one to two hours working through the complete

> tutorial. It’s a strongly-recommended investment of time if you’re new to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tutorial. It is a strongly recommended investment of time if you are new to
```

> Charmed Magma - it will save you many more hours later on. Follow the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Charmed Magma - it will save you many hours later on. Follow the
```

tutorial steps in sequence; they take you on a learning journey through Charmed Magma.

The tutorial has been tested with a variety of users. We make every effort to

> keep it up-to-date and ensure that it’s reliable - but if you encounter any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keep it up-to-date and ensure that it is reliable - but if you encounter any
```

problems, we want to help you, so please let us know.

Follow the core tutorial steps in sequence; they take you on a learning
journey through the Charmed Magma.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is already said earlier.
